[Music]
happy Christmas from BBC good food here
we're going to show you three very
different ways to use leftover Christmas
pudding I'm going to show you a
deep-fried Christmas pudding ice cream
bomb Cassie I'm gonna show you some
delicious boozy Christmas pudding
truffles Miriam and I'm going to be
shaking up a Christmas pudding cocktail
alright so the first thing I've done is
I've taken some Christmas pudding and
I've put it between two sheets of
parchment paper now it's important that
it's parchment not grease proof because
it sticks the grease proof and I've just
rolled it out
sohave about ball of ice cream that we
froze yesterday so it's solid and then
I'm just going to use the paper and wrap
the pudding to help the filo pastry
stick brush it in a bit of butter
you don't too many layers you want the
pastries cook through I'm gonna put it
in very hot oil and then what that oil
is going to do is going to crisp up the
pastry heat up the pudding and just milk
the hard ice cream slowly so I'm going
to deep-fry this it's going into oil
which is about 180 we're just gonna wait
for us to go crisp
well that's cooking I'm gonna show you
my Christmas pudding truffles so in a
bowl here I've just melted some dark
chocolate with some double cream and
I've crumbled in some of my leftover
Christmas pudding so that I'm just gonna
add a splash of booze from the cupboard
and you can add whatever you want I've
got some orange liqueur here just take
it off the heat and just pop it aside
for a couple of hours and the chocolate
will firm up and leave you something
that looks like this lovely so then you
can just scoop that and roll it into
whatever you like so that the ice cream
bomb has had a couple of minutes and I'm
just going to take that out and drain it
onto some kitchen paper boom
I'm just making a simple syrup using
same quantities of soft brown sugar and
water and then I need a lump of leftover
Christmas pudding and a cinnamon stick
once that's worn through I just need to
strain it off I'm gonna add some brandy
I've thrown some whiskey
wow that's boozy and some row and some
cherry brandy as well give it a bit more
more free to kick shaking it was nice
add a little bit of Clementine juice oh
wow I've just put a cherry and a bay
leaf on there
dress it with a bit more icing sugar
yeah why you've been doing that I've
just been rolling truffles in some
chopped nuts and cocoa powder so that
the ice cream bomb has had about two
minutes and really hot oil I've just
dusted it with icing sugar and I had a
cut into it beautiful melty ice cream is
still quite cold in the middle the ice
creams active is sort of custard drizzle
Miriam's lovely syrup so here's my
deep-fried Christmas pudding ice cream
bombe and my busy Christmas pudding
chuckles my Christmas pudding cocktail
so have a very happy Christmas from BBC
good food happy Christmas
[Music]